Update the Readme to include the Apache License section (#7)
bemanproject/copyable_function: README.md

![Target Standard](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/images/badges/cpp26.svg)
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

`beman.copyable_function` is a type-erased function wrapper that can represent any copyable callable matching
the function signature R(Args...). The library conforms to the [The Beman Standard](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/beman_standard.md).

**Status**: [Under development and not yet ready for production use.](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/beman_library_maturity_model.md#under-development-and-not-yet-ready-for-production-use)

## License

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.copyable_function is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
```
